README.md, before:

# MediaSync
MediaSync is a portable, multi-master, sync program designed to work from a flash drive. Using a virtual master file index, it determines the current state of the files on a machine and copies necessary changes to and from a space-limited shared folder. In this way, it is able, for instance, to (gradually) synchronise 100GB of files using an 8GB flash drive.

# Features
- No master copy: changes can be made on any copy of any file. All changes will be replicated everywhere.
- Space limits: reserve as much or as little space for your sync file copies as you like.
- Copies only changed files (note: renamed files are treated as a delete and create).
- Zero-footprint on synchronised machines: the index metadata is stored on the flash drive.
- Data-preserving: both file versions are retained when conflicts are detected.
- Sync empty folders in addition to files.

# Releases
* 2019-03-28: v2.2.0
  - Repository data storage.
  - Fix for CLI ignoring data path setting.
  - Scrolling for GUI output window.
* 2019-03-14: v2.1.0.1
  - Basic GUI (very much a work in progress)
  - Better error trapping
  - Check for local folder existence to prevent exception
* 2018-10-04: v2.0.11
  - Shared folder cleanup now removes unindexed files.
* 2018-09-13: v2.0.10
  - Added profile name displays to table output.
  - Bug and stability fixes.
* 2018-06-08: v2.0.9
  - Use the "join-profile" command to update folder locations for an existing profile.

Commit message:

Added logging for the main sync process. Removed some unused references. Added an error trap inside hash computation, to prevent access exceptions crashing sync. Added some extra space-limiting code to limit use to 90% of any drive. Added the beginnings of a desktop edition.

README.md, after:

# MediaSync
MediaSync is a portable, multi-master, sync program designed to work from a flash drive. Using a virtual master file index, it determines the current state of the files on a machine and copies necessary changes to and from a space-limited shared folder. In this way, it is able, for instance, to (gradually) synchronise 100GB of files using an 8GB flash drive.

# Features
- No master copy: changes can be made on any copy of any file. All changes will be replicated everywhere.
- Space limits: reserve as much or as little space for your sync file copies as you like.
- Copies only changed files (note: renamed files are treated as a delete and create).
- Zero-footprint on synchronised machines: the index metadata is stored on the flash drive.
- Data-preserving: both file versions are retained when conflicts are detected.
- Sync empty folders in addition to files.

# Releases
* 2019-05-10: v2.2.0.1
  - Patched to fix file access error in hash calculation.
* 2019-03-28: v2.2.0
  - Repository data storage.
  - Fix for CLI ignoring data path setting.
  - Scrolling for GUI output window.
* 2019-03-14: v2.1.0.1
  - Basic GUI (very much a work in progress)
  - Better error trapping
  - Check for local folder existence to prevent exception
* 2018-10-04: v2.0.11
  - Shared folder cleanup now removes unindexed files.
* 2018-09-13: v2.0.10
  - Added profile name displays to table output.
  - Bug and stability fixes.
* 2018-06-08: v2.0.9
  - Use the "join-profile" command to update folder locations for an existing profile.
